Back to Help Center
Privacy & Terms
Terms of Use
Terms of Use
Overview
Artlist License
Terms of Use
Business Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Copyright Policy
Contents
Opening an account
Sanctioned Countries
Privacy Policy
Term, Renewal & Termination
Switching between Subscription Plans
Payments and Billing
Intellectual property rights
Artlist Academy
Copyrights Infringement Notification Policy
Company’s rights in case of a violation on your behalf
Exemption from liability
Indemnification
Third Party Services
AI Services
Forbidden Uses
Amendments to these Terms
Assignment
Notices
Artlist Entity
General
Governing Law & Jurisdiction
Operating Requirements for Tools
Technical Problems
Terms of Use

These Terms of Use (these “Terms”) settles the terms and conditions under which you may access and use this website and/or application and/or other future platforms offered by Artlist (“Company”, “Artlist”, “we”, “our”, “us”), which is provided and made available to you by Artlist and its affiliates as set forth below (“Site”).

Kindly note that by accessing and/or using the Site and/or downloading, installing or using the Tools, as defined in the License, you, your authorized representative and/or any entity you hereby represent (“you”, “your”) accept these Terms and the Privacy Policy and agree to be bound by them. Therefore, it is your obligation to read these Terms and the Privacy Policy carefully and make sure you agree with them before any access or use of the site.

Please be advised that by subscribing to our services, you will also be subject to the relevant License which applies to the specific subscription and assets you purchased (“License”), which shall be read together with these Terms and the Privacy Policy (together the “Agreement”). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein, shall have the respective meanings given to them in the License.

You hereby represent and warrant that: (1) you have read the Agreement, understood the stated therein and you hereby agree to engage with the Company under its terms; (2) your age does not limit or restrict you, under applicable law or jurisdiction, from lawfully entering into this Agreement or from accessing or using the Company’s services, including the AI Services. ; (3) you are authorized to enter into and perform the Agreement for yourself or for the entity the details of which were specified upon subscription to our services.

Last update: July 2, 2026

1. Opening an account
In order to use the Company’s services and its' various licenses for using the Assets as specified in these Terms and in the License, you are required to (i) open an account in the Site, (ii) provide us with your accurate and full details (such as name, email address, phone number, payment method when relevant), including your Channels URL’s if you purchased a Social Creator License, and (iii) pay any applicable fees and taxes, except in case of a free trial account. You are forbidden from providing us a nonexistent email address or an email address which does not belong to you, impersonating another person or entity, or misleading us in any other way regarding your identity or your payment method information.
You are required to protect the confidentiality and safety of the account details (username and password), and you will bear full and exclusive liability for all activities in your account. You must inform us immediately of any unauthorized use of your account
In case you purchase a Team subscription, you will be required to provide us the relevant details for the access by all users under such subscription and the following will apply:
Each entity or person purchasing a Team subscription (“Team Account”) shall select a person to register the Team Account (“Admin”) which shall act as its authorized representative and any decision or action made by the Admin is deemed as a decision or action of that entity or person. An Admin possess important privileges and controls over the use of the Team Account, including, without limitation: (i) control Admin and the Team Account users use of the Team Account; (ii) purchase, upgrade or downgrade the subscription; (iii) create, monitor or modify Team Account users’ actions and permissions; (iv) add, substitute or remove Team Account users from the Team Account. An Admin can be replaced only subject to the provision of the necessary information/documentation to the Company’s support team.
The entity or person purchasing the Team Account is solely liable and responsible for understanding and controlling the settings of and access to the Team Account, including without limitation, the specific rights granted to the Admin. The entity or person purchasing the Team Account is responsible for the activities of all of its’ users, even if they are not part of its’ organization or domain. Furthermore, the entity or person purchasing the Team Account acknowledges that any action taken by the Admin or any Team Account users, is deemed by Company as an authorized action by it, hence it shall have no claim in this regard
2. Sanctioned Countries

The Company is committed to complying with the sanctions laws and regulations of the United States, the EU and Israel. Accordingly, we will not trade with or provide any services to sanctioned countries or individuals/entities named on a sanctions list.

3. Privacy Policy

We really care about your privacy and we make our best efforts to be fully transparent about our use of your information. Please review our Privacy Policy to learn how we collect and use your personal information and cookies.

4. Term, Renewal & Termination
These Terms and the Privacy Policy will apply to you as long as you access the Site. The License will remain in effect for an indefinite term and you will be charged at the start of each billing cycle, according to your subscription terms. You will be automatically charged for additional similar periods, unless you notify us of your intention not to continue within 14 calendar days before the beginning of the next billing cycle. Upon beginning of the new billing cycle, the payment method you provided us will be automatically charged for the applicable period fees and will only be refunded pursuant to our Refund Policy below.
Upon termination of the Agreement for any cause whatsoever, the rights granted to you under these Terms or the License will automatically expire, and you hereby undertake to immediately cease accessing, downloading and using any Assets, except as allowed under the License.
You can terminate your subscription at any time by contacting our Customer Support / using the cancellation feature in your account. If you do so, your subscription will be terminated at the end of your current billing period, and you will not be charged thereafter. Until then, you will continue to have access to Artlist services under this Agreement.
5. Switching between Subscription Plans

You can switch between Artlist subscription plans, by accessing your account settings or by contacting our Customer Support team.

6. Payments and Billing
Payment methods and processing. Payments may be processed through third-party payment methods which Artlist makes available. You must provide accurate billing information, and promptly update any changes to it (such as card numbers and address). If you are paying via credit or debit card, based on the billing address provided by you, payments shall be processed by the relevant Artlist entity, as detailed below in section 19, and applicable law shall apply to such processing.
Taxes. The tax treatment applied to each transaction will be based on the applicable laws and regulations that apply to that transaction.
Refund Policy.
You will only be entitled to receive a refund for any fees paid to us if (1) you cancel your subscription within 14 calendar days from the date of its purchase and/or renewal (“Refund Period”) and (2) you did not download any Assets or generate any content during such Refund Period and/or used the Tools and exported a video you edited with the Tools. You hereby understand and agree that you will not be entitled to any refunds if: (i) you do not ask the Company for refund during the Refund Period; or (ii) you download any Asset or generate any content from the Site during the Refund Period. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you are a consumer as defined under applicable consumer protection laws, and such laws grant you a mandatory right to cancel your subscription and obtain a refund—including, where applicable, the right to cancel with immediate effect and receive a prorated refund or any other form of reimbursement—please contact our support team. For the avoidance of doubt, to the extent that no relevant consumer rights apply under the laws of your jurisdiction, Section 6.c.a shall govern and prevail.
For the avoidance of doubt, this Section 6 does not apply to trial accounts, and therefore, if you are a subscriber with a trial account, you will not be entitled to any refund.
7. Intellectual property rights
All the information, the Assets, the Tools, the AI Services and contents made available through the Site and the services offered by the Company, including, without limitation of any text, illustrations, graphics, sound, sound recording, musical works, clips, graphic segments, software applications, graphs, photos, video templates, Company’s name, trademarks and logos, including without limitation those used in the Site, are protected by copyrights and intellectual property rights of the Company or of its artists (“Proprietary Content”).
You are forbidden from using the Company’s name, trademarks and logos, including without limitation those used in the Site. Moreover, as further specified in the License, you are forbidden from using the original Assets names and/or the artists names or artistic names.
You are forbidden from accessing the Site or any Proprietary Content using any automated means or technology, such as robots, botnets, spiders, crawlers or scrapers, to extract, monitor, copy or collect information or data.
You are forbidden from using any Proprietary Content and/or data and/or information and/or the Site for purposes of machine learning and/or Artificial Intelligence (“AI”) training. This includes using voices provided through the Voice Over tool to create, train, or generate voice models or voice clones, whether on the Artlist platform or on any other platform.   
You hereby acknowledge and confirm that you do not and will not have any ownership and/or intellectual property rights in the Proprietary Content and/or recordings and/or the Assets and/or the contents of the Site and/or the Site’s trademarks and its design, and that your right is restricted to the limited rights granted to you in these Terms and in the License.
The Agreement grants you an authorization to use the Site and the Assets strictly in accordance with the provisions of the Agreement and is conditioned by your undertaking not to violate or be involved in any activities that violate any terms of the Agreement, and specifically in activities which cause the violation of intellectual property rights and/or deviation from the provisions of the License.
You may not create derivative works, reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble any part of any source code contained within the Site, the Tools or any of the Proprietary Content, including the video templates or avoid, bypass, remove or impair any technological measure that limits access to them. You cannot attempt to discover the source code of the Tools.
You can’t make the Tools available to others in whole or in part in any form or medium, directly and/or indirectly, including on cloud services and/or servers and/or any other similar services. That also means, you can’t allow others to use the Tools using your account information.
You shall not engage in any activity that could disrupt, disable, burden, or impair the proper functioning, performance, availability, or security of the Site and/or the Tools or any of their systems or infrastructure. Any attempt to disable or impair or destroy the Site and/or Tools, or upload or store any component that contains viruses, malware or that might damage or limit the functionality of the Site and/or the Tools – is strictly prohibited.
You can’t use the Site and/or the Tools in any manner which is illegal, contrary to court orders and/or which was forbidden by the provisions of any law. Also, you can’t use the Site and/or the Tools in any manner which may damage us, our partners, any third parties, or their rights or reputation.
In the event you provide us with suggestions, comments and/or any other form of feedback regarding the Company’s Site and services (“Feedback”), you acknowledge that any such Feedback shall be treated as non-confidential. and shall be exclusively owned by Artlist. You irrevocably assign all right, title, and interest you may have in the Feedback, and waive any moral rights to Artlist, which will be free to use the Feedback without giving to you any attribution and/or compensation. Artlist is under no obligation to use any Feedback received from you. 
8. Artlist Academy
Artlist Academy is an online learning service available for streaming provided by Artlst to the Site’s users, including courses and informative tutorials on subjects relating to creativity and video creation (“Learning Materials”).
Artlist grants you non-exclusive. non-transferable, non-sublicensable, fully revocable, limited license to use and access the Learning Materials.
Without derogating from Artlist’s rights in its Proprietary Content as stated above, you may use the Learning Materials provided to you on Artlist Academy only for your own personal non-commercial use. Any other use or reproduction of the Learning Material or content provided by us on the Site, including but not limited to, download, copy, modify, assign, sell, publish, broadcast, transmit or otherwise make available by any other means, is strictly prohibited.
Artlist reserves the right to suspend and/or terminate the Artlist Academy service and/or remove and/or add new Learning Materials, at any time without notice, at its sole discretion. Artlist may revoke your license and access to the Artlist Academy services and/or Learning Materials immediately, in the event you have breached this Agreement, and/or if it is required to do so for legal reasons.
THIRD PARTY WEBSITES: THE SITE AND LEARNING MATERIALS MAY INCLUDE LINKS TO THIRD PARTIES’ WEBSITE WHICH ARE NOT OWNED OR CONTROLLED BY ARTLIST. IF YOU USE THESE LINKS, YOU WILL LEAVE ARTLIST’S SITE AND WILL NO LONGER BE GOVERNED BY OUR AGREEMENT. THE LINKS DO NOT INDICATE THAT ARTLIST ENDORSES THOSE WEBSITES. IF YOU CHOOSE TO ACCESS AND/OR USE AND/OR MAKE USE OF THE INFORMATION AND SERVICES PROVIDED ON THIRD PARTIES’ WEBSITES, YOU DO SO AT YOUR OWN RISK.  ARTLIST IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR AND HAS NO CONTROL OVER THE CONTENT OF THIRD PARTIES’ WEBSITES OR THE PROTECTION AND PRIVACY OF ANY INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE WHILE VISITING SUCH SITES AND WILL NOT BE HELD LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGE OR LOSS, RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS AND USE OF THOSE SITES. WE RECOMMEND YOU EXERCISE CAUTION AND REVIEW THE TERMS OF USE AND THE PRIVACY STATEMENT APPLICABLE TO THE WEBSITE IN QUESTION
9. Copyright Infringement Notification Policy
We take copyrights protection very seriously. If you believe that any Assets, Voice Clones or Outputs infringe your intellectual property or other rights, please see our Copyright Infringement Notification Policy
If we are notified that any Assets, Voice Clones or Outputs infringes third party copyright or other rights, we may in our sole discretion remove such Assets, Voice Clones or Outputs from the Site or take other steps that we deem necessary, without any prior notification.
10. Company’s rights in case of a violation on your behalf
You hereby acknowledge that any unauthorized use by you and/or by anyone on your behalf of any of the Assets or the Site or in a manner deviating from the conditions of the Agreement, constitute a breach of the Agreement as well as a potential violation of copyright and privacy laws and regulations, and the Company and anyone on its behalf have the full right to exercise all rights and remedies available to it by law in such case. To the extent the violation is done by a third-party using Assets that were downloaded by you or using your subscription (for example: your employees, contractors, clients), then you are responsible for such a violation and you are required to take all possible actions to immediately cease the violation.
The Company may, without prior notice, use a combination of automated systems, user reports, and human review to investigate and assess material and usage that may violate this Agreement. The Company may also require you to provide proof of your right to use any Input submitted to the AI Services, including but not limited to voice recordings for Voice Clones. The Company will be entitled, among other remedies, at its exclusive discretion and without any prior notice, to block your access to the Site and/or its services, temporarily or permanently, in case you violate any applicable law and/or any terms of the Agreement, or in case of an interruption of the Company’s or its Site’s regular activity, and you will have no claim or demand in this regard. If you believe your account has been incorrectly banned, or your Voice Clone or Output incorrectly removed, you can let us know by contacting us here.
11. Exemption from liability

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT: (I) THE SITE, AI SERVICES, AI OUTPUTS, ASSETS AND SERVICES PROVIDED BY THE COMPANY ARE PROVIDED ‘AS-IS’ AND‘AS AVAILABLE’WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, TITLE, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, COURSE OF DEALING OR TRADE USAGE, AND ANY OTHER WARRANTY THAT MIGHT ARISE UNDER ANY LAW; (II) COMPANY DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE SITE OR ITS’SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR IMMUNE TO DAMAGE, MALFUNCTIONS, DEFECTS OR FAILURES IN THE HARDWARE, SOFTWARE, COMMUNICATION SYSTEMS AND LINES, AT THE SITE OR AT ANY OF ITS SUPPLIERS; (III) COMPANY WILL BEAR NO LIABILITY IN CASE ANY OF THE ASSETS OR AI SERVICES ARE NOT AVAILABLE ON THE SITE, FOR ANY REASON WHATSOEVER, DURING THE TERM OF THE AGREEMENT; (IV) COMPANY WILL BEAR NO LIABILITY IN ANY MANNER FOR THE USE OF ANY OTHER ADDITIONAL CONTENTS WHICH YOU MAY INTEGRATE IN THE PROJECTS AND YOU WILL SOLELY BEAR FULL AND EXCLUSIVE LIABILITY FOR USING THEM; (V) COMPANY RESERVES THE RIGHT TO REMOVE AND/OR ADD ASSETS TO THE SITE AT ANY TIME AT ITS SOLE EXCLUSIVE DISCRETION AND YOU SHALL HAVE NO CLAIMS IN THIS REGARD; (VI) COMPANY WILL BEAR NO LIABILITY FOR ANY DIRECT OR INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, AND EXEMPLARY DAMAGE, PECUNIARY OR OTHER, WHICH YOU MIGHT INCUR AS A RESULT OF: (1) YOUR USE, OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE, THE LEARNING MATERIALS, THE SERVICES, AI SERVICES, AI OUTPUTS OR ANY WEBSITES LINKED TO IT; (2) CHANGES COMPANY MAY MAKE TO THE SITE AND SERVICES, ALL OR ANY OF THEM; (3) CEASING, TEMPORARILY OR PERMANENTLY, THE PROVISION OF ITS SERVICES, ALL OR ANY OF THEM; (4) CHANGING, ADDING OR REMOVING ANY OF THE SERVICES’ CHARACTERS OR PROPERTIES, ALL OR ANY OF THEM; (5) CHANGING, ADDING OR REMOVING ANY CONTENTS, RECORDINGS OR ASSETS FROM THE SITE, ALL OR ANY OF THEM; (VII) COMPANY, OR ANY OF ITS DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, SHAREHOLDERS OR AGENTS, WILL BEAR NO LIABILITY FOR ANY KIND OF DAMAGE IN CONNECTION WITH ANY CLAIM, LOSS OR DAMAGE ARISING UNDER OR OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT.

12. Indemnification

You hereby undertake to indemnify the Company, its subsidiaries, affiliates, licensors, employees, officers, directors, agents, service providers and artists and anyone on their behalf for any argument, claim, damage, loss, loss of profit, payment or expense (inclusive of lawyer’s fee and legal expenses) that might arise due to your use of the Company’s Site and services, your breach of the provisions of the Agreement or any use you make of Company’s services in violation of any applicable law or third-party rights.

13. Third Party Services

WHEN SUBSCRIBING OR USING COMPANY’S SERVICES, YOU MAY ALSO BE USING THE SERVICES OF ONE OR MORE THIRD PARTIES, SUCH AS INTERNET OR PAYMENT SERVICES PROVIDERS OR PLATFORMS IN WHICH YOU UPLOAD YOUR PROJECTS (EX: YOUTUBE, FACEBOOK, ETC). SUCH THIRD PARTIES MIGHT HAVE THEIR OWN TERMS OF USE, AGREEMENTS AND POLICIES WHICH MAY APPLY TO YOU. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT COMPANY IS NOT RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR ANY SUCH THIRD PARTY SERVICES AND TERMS NOR FOR THE COMPLIANCE WITH THEM. WE STRONGLY ENCOURAGE YOU TO CAREFULLY READ ANY SUCH THIRD PARTY TERMS OF USE AND POLICIES AND MAKE SURE YOU COMPLY WITH THEM

Artlist’s API client uses YouTube API Services. If you are using our service on YouTube, you hereby certify that you have read and agree to YouTube’s General Terms of Service and Google’s Privacy Policy. 

 

14. AI Services
Artlist may provide certain artificial intelligence tools, features and functionalities (the “AI Services”) that enable you to generate content through AI models made available via the Site (including models provided by Artlist and/or third parties). The AI Services include Artlist’s integrations, infrastructure, and user interface/experience (UX) used to operate, maintain, and improve these features. Artlist may suspend, terminate, discontinue, modify, remove, or add AI Services (or any features within them) at any time, in its sole discretion, with or without notice.
The AI Services may make available one or more artificial intelligence models, tools, or services, whether provided by Artlist or by third parties (each, a “Model” and collectively, “Models”). Artlist may add, remove, replace, or change Models from time to time. For clarity, the AI Services are Artlist’s facilitation layer (including integrations, infrastructure, and UX) and do not include the Models themselves and do not grant you any rights in the Models themselves beyond the right to use them through the AI Services in accordance with these Terms.
Some AI Services allow you to submit or upload content, such as text, images, videos, audio, voices, prompts, or other material (“Input”), and receive AI-generated results based on that Input (“Output”) through the Models made available via the AI Services.
You represent and warrant that you have obtained all rights, authorizations permissions, licenses, and consents necessary for you to provide Input, Voice Samples; as well as for Artlist and its service providers to process such Input to provide the AI Services and the Output, including any consents required under applicable privacy and data protection laws.
You are solely responsible for your Input and your use of any Output, including any project, work product, or content created using Output and the AI Services, and you must ensure that your Input and use of Output comply with: (i) these Terms, (ii) any applicable license terms governing your use of Artlist content (if any), (iii) all applicable laws and regulations, and (iv) any applicable third-party terms and policies.
Artlist may, but is not obligated to, review, screen, modify, or otherwise refine any Input you submit to the AI Services, whether by automated means, including through the use of a large language model or otherwise, in order to enforce these Terms and applicable policies, including prohibited use restrictions and model or provider policies, comply with applicable law, and/or improve the relevance, formatting, consistency, or quality of Output. You acknowledge that such processing may affect the form or wording of your Input and may result in Output that differs from Output generated from your original Input as submitted. Artlist does not guarantee that any such processing will occur or that it will improve any Output. Artlist may also refuse to process any Input, in whole or in part, if Artlist believes it may violate these Terms, applicable law, third-party rights, or applicable model, provider, safety, or usage policies.
Any enhancement or suggestion for your Inputs offered by Artlist’s AI Services is based solely on your original Input and is intended to assist in improving results. However, the responsibility for reviewing, validating, and approving the enhanced Input before generating any Output remains solely yours.
As part of the AI Services, Artlist may make available certain AI-generated content created by or on behalf of Artlist (including via the AI Services) for your reference and for you to use, download, re-edit, or incorporate into your projects. Such AI-Generated content constitutes an “Asset” (as defined in the applicable Artlist License) and your use of any such AI-Generated Content is subject to, and governed by, the applicable License terms, including any limitations, permitted uses, restrictions, and other requirements set forth therein.
Ownership; Assignment of Output:
Inputs: As between you and Artlist, you retain all right, title and interest in and to your Input.
Outputs: As between you and Artlist, Artlist does not claim ownership of Output. Subject to your compliance with these Terms (and any applicable license terms governing your use of Artlist content (if any)), Artlist hereby assigns to you all of Artlist’s right, title and interest, if any, in and to Output, and Artlist does not restrict your commercial use of such Output.
You acknowledge that Output may not be protectable under intellectual property laws in all jurisdictions or in all circumstances, and Artlist does not guarantee that Output is original, non-infringing, or suitable for any particular purpose.
By providing Input and using the AI Services, you grant Artlist a limited, worldwide, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use, host, reproduce, transmit, modify, and otherwise process Input and Output solely as necessary to: (i) operate and provide the AI Services and the Site to you, (ii) generate, deliver and improve Output, the AI services and features and the Site for you, (iii) maintain the security, integrity, and performance of the Services, and (iv) comply with legal obligations and enforce these Terms.
Artlist may use third-party Model providers to provide the AI Services and generate Output, including in connection with the Voice Cloning Feature (as defined below). In doing so, Artlist may share Inputs, Outputs, and related usage data with such providers only to the extent reasonably necessary to provide, operate, maintain, and secure the AI Services, and as otherwise described in this Agreement. Artlist contractually prohibits most third-party Model providers from using data received from Artlist, or Outputs generated from such data, to train, retrain, fine-tune, or otherwise improve their models or services. However, certain models or features may permit such use. Artlist will identify those Models or features in the platform interface or otherwise make that information available to you so you may be able to avoid using them.
AI Content Storage, Monitoring and Enforcement
The AI Services are provided for content generation and related functionality, and are not intended or offered as a storage, archival, or backup service. You are solely responsible for downloading, exporting, and retaining copies of any Output you wish to keep, and for maintaining your own copies of any Input you submit.
Artlist may, but has no obligation to, store, host, retain, transmit, display, make available, or provide backups of any Input, Output, or related communications. Artlist does not guarantee that any Input, Output, or related communications will be available, retrievable, or preserved for any period of time.
Without limiting the foregoing, Artlist may at any time, in its sole discretion and with or without notice, delete, disable access to, or cease storing or making available any Input, Output, or related communications, and may modify any storage features or limitations applicable to the AI Services, including file size limits, storage periods, storage capacity, technical parameters, and similar restrictions.
Artlist will not be liable for any loss, deletion, unavailability, or failure to store, retain, transmit, receive, or make available any Input, Output, or related communications.
Without limiting any other rights or remedies available to Artlist under these Terms or applicable law, Artlist may remove, refuse to process, or disable access to any Input or Output, and may suspend or terminate access to the Site or the AI Services, including where Artlist believes that any Input or Output may violate these Terms or applicable law. Artlist may also report to, cooperate with, or disclose information to law enforcement, regulators, courts, or other competent authorities in connection with suspected illegal or unauthorized use. Artlist will not be liable for actions taken in accordance with this Section.
Except with respect to the Voice Cloning Feature as described below, it is hereby clarified that the AI Services do not require you to provide personal data, and are not designed to be used for the purpose of processing biometric, medical, or other sensitive data. You are responsible for any personal data you provide, while interacting with the AI Services, which will be handled as detailed in the Privacy Policy. You hereby represent and warrant that you have received all required consents from third-parties and hold the legal rights for Company to process any Personal Data included as Input. If you choose to include sensitive or special category (as defined under GDPR) personal data in your Input (such as data related to your health, your sexual orientation, racial or ethnic origin, etc.) you do so at your own risk and you are solely responsible to ensure compliance with applicable privacy and data protection laws. Company shall have no liability in relation to any sensitive or special category (as defined under GDPR) personal data provided by you to the AI Services or its processing.
Voice Cloning Feature:
If your subscription plan includes access to Artlist’s voice cloning feature (the “Voice Cloning Feature”), you may upload audio recordings of voices that you are lawfully authorized to use and share (“Voice Samples”) to create a unique synthetic voice model for you (the “Voice Clone”). Artlist will use Voice Samples solely to create and provide the Voice Clone for your use within the the AI Services and you may generate AI-based voiceover Output derived from that Voice Clone, in accordance with these Terms.
You do not own the Voice Clone itself or any underlying voice cloning technology. Instead, you receive a limited, non-transferable, revocable license to use the Voice Clone as part of the Site during an active subscription and only in accordance with these Terms. For clarity, Output generated using the Voice Clone is treated as Output under this Terms.
You represent and warrant that you have obtained all necessary rights, licenses, and consents to provide any Voice Samples in connection with the Voice Cloning Feature, including, where applicable, any consents required under data protection or privacy laws for the processing of personal or biometric data. You further represent and warrant that your provision and use of Voice Samples and/or the Voice Clone will not infringe, misappropriate, or violate the rights (including privacy or data protection rights) of any third party, and you agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Artlist from any claims, damages, or losses arising from a breach of this Section.
For the avoidance of doubt, Artlist does not determine or represent whether any Voice Samples or Voice Clones constitute biometric data under applicable law and makes no warranties in that regard. The classification of such data may vary depending on your jurisdiction and use of the Voice Cloning Feature. You represent and warrant that you will not use, or permit anyone else to use, the Voice Cloning Feature for the purpose of biometric identification or for any activity intended to identify individuals based on unique biological, physiological, or behavioral characteristics.
The Voice Cloning Feature is not available to residents of the State of Illinois, the United States. By enabling or using the Voice Cloning Feature, you represent and warrant that you are not a resident of the State of Illinois, the United States. Artlist reserves the right to suspend or disable your access to the Voice Cloning Feature if it becomes aware of any use in violation of this restriction.
You may delete the Voice Clones generated by you, including the associated Voice Samples, at any time through your account. Once deleted, these materials will be permanently removed from our systems, subject to any limited retention required by applicable law (e.g., for legal, regulatory, or security purposes). For more information about how we collect, use, share, retain, and delete Voice Samples and Voice Clones, please review our Privacy Policy.
Given the nature of AI, Artlist does not guarantee that Output, Voice Clones, or results will be accurate, reliable, complete, current, or error-free. Output may not be unique, and similar or identical Output may be generated for other users. AI Services may generate offensive, inaccurate, partial, or otherwise objectionable content; such Output does not reflect Artlist’s views. You must review and evaluate Output before using or relying on it.
To the maximum extent permitted by law, Artlist shall not be liable for: (i) any alleged infringement or violation of third-party rights arising from your Input, your use of Output, or your use of the AI Services; (ii) any errors, biases, inconsistencies, omissions, or unintended consequences in Output; or (iii) any decisions, actions, losses, or consequences arising from your use of the AI Services or reliance on Output. Any references in Output to third-party products or services do not imply endorsement or affiliation.
Certain AI Services may be subject to quotas, credits, points, or character limits determined by your subscription plan (“Credits”). Credits are deducted at the time of generation, even if you do not download or use the Output. Credits are non-transferable, non-refundable, have no monetary value, and may not be sold, gifted, transferred or exchanged. Artlist may modify how Credits are calculated, allocated, or deducted (including due to efficiency optimizations or service changes), provided that changes will not reduce the overall scope of AI Services you are entitled to under your subscription, and Artlist will maintain equivalent access to the AI Services.
Unlimited Plans:
Some plans, promotions, or offers may include access to certain AI services, Models, features, tools, or usage entitlements on a credit-free basis during the applicable period, subject to these Terms and the applicable plan, pricing page, or offer terms, each an “Unlimited Plan”.
For purposes of these Terms, “Unlimited” means that Credits will not be deducted for covered generations of Outputs using eligible Models during the applicable access period. Unlimited Plans are subject to your plan features, reasonable use limitations, daily usage thresholds, user-specific concurrency or parallel generation limits, service-performance protections, Model availability, and other restrictions applicable to the relevant plan or offering. Unlimited does not guarantee any specific speed, priority, processing time, capacity, availability, uninterrupted access, volume of generations, or continued availability of any AI service, Model, feature, tool, or generation mode.
Some Unlimited Plans may include a limited monthly allotment of faster or priority generations. Once that allotment is used, eligible generations may continue without deduction of Credits at the standard processing speed or availability applicable to the relevant plan, provided that your use remains within applicable reasonable use limitations, daily usage thresholds, and service-performance protections.
Where available, you may choose to generate Outputs using Unlimited Plan access or Credits. Credits may provide faster or more consistent processing speeds and may be required for Models, features, tools, or use cases not covered by the applicable Unlimited Plan.
Unlimited Plans are intended only for normal, reasonable, lawful, good-faith, individual human use in accordance with these Terms and the applicable plan. Unlimited Plans may not be used for bots, scripts, scraping, unauthorized automation, account sharing, resale, circumvention of limits, excessive usage, or other abusive, non-personal, or non-human use.
We may monitor usage patterns and apply reasonable safeguards or technical measures, including rate limits, daily usage thresholds, concurrency or parallel generation limits, throttling, queueing, temporary generation limits, eligibility restrictions, blocking, suspension, or other controls, to protect the services, manage capacity, prevent abuse or misuse, enforce applicable limits, and preserve the experience of other users.
If we reasonably believe that use of an Unlimited Plan violates these Terms, exceeds the intended or permitted use of the applicable plan, reaches or exceeds applicable usage thresholds, circumvents technical restrictions, involves unauthorized automation, account sharing, resale, scraping, or other misuse, or may harm us, the services, the Models, or other users, we may suspend, limit, throttle, block, or terminate access to the Unlimited Plan, the relevant generation mode, or affected services.
We may update, modify, add, remove, replace, limit, or discontinue the Models, features, tools, usage entitlements, access periods, technical settings, generation modes, or safeguards included in an Unlimited Plan from time to time. Model and feature availability may vary between plans, tools, products, and offerings. Where required by applicable law, we will provide notice of material changes.
Artlist AI Agent:
Artlist may provide an artificial intelligence assistant (the “Artlist AI Agent”) as part of its platform features. The Artlist AI Agent is designed to facilitate the creation of AI-generated content (including, without limitation, videos and images and music) by assisting users with drafting, refining, and optimizing prompts for use with the various AI models available on the Artlist platform.
While interacting with the Artlist AI Agent for the purpose of drafting or refining prompts does not consume credits, the generation of content itself does. Any content generation initiated or executed by the AI Agent, using one or more AI models, will consume credits from your account balance. Such consumption is governed by Artlist’s then-current pricing, credit schedule, and the specific terms of your subscription.
Content generation may occur automatically based on the prompts, instructions, or specific requests you provide to the AI Agent. By using the service, you acknowledge and agree that if you do not specify a particular AI model, the AI Agent has the authority to select and utilize the model it deems most suitable for your request.
Any content generation triggered through the AI Agent will result in the immediate deduction of credits from your account. All such deductions are final and non-refundable, regardless of whether the generated output meets your specific expectations or artistic standards.
You acknowledge that the Artlist AI Agent is a third party tool and Artlist does not guarantee the accuracy, quality, or suitability of any content generated through the Agent’s assistance or model selection.
You are solely responsible for the prompts, instructions, and inputs provided to the AI Agent. You must ensure that your requests do not violate any third-party rights or Artlist’s Forbidden Uses.
15. Forbidden Uses

With great power comes great responsibility! Use of our Assets and AI Services requires responsibility and accountability by you. You may not:

Use Assets, Projects (incorporating the Assets), Inputs, Output, or AI Services in any manner that is illegal, violates court orders or applicable law, violates this Agreement, or may harm Artlist or its reputation, its artists, third parties, or their rights or reputation.
Use Assets, provide Inputs, or generate Output in connection with: (i)  Child Sexual Abuse Material (CSAM), including any content that depicts, represents, describes, promotes, or facilitates the sexual abuse, sexual exploitation, or sexualization of a minor, including but not limited to sexually explicit conduct involving a minor, whether real, fictional, simulated, altered, or AI-generated; (ii) pornography; (iii) violence (including sexual violence or non-consensual intimate content); (iv) weapons (including development, procurement, or use); (v) real money gambling (solely with respect to OpenAI’s “Sora” and “GPT”); (vi) illicit activities, goods, or services; (vii) racism, hate, discrimination, or harassment against any person or group based on race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, community, or nationality; (viii) threats, intimidation, harassment, or defamation; (ix) harming vulnerable groups (including “hurting the helpless”); (x) suicide, self-harm, or disordered eating promotion or facilitation; (xi) provision of tailored advice that requires a license without appropriate involvement by a licensed professional; (xii) violations of privacy or publicity rights; or (xiii) any other unlawful, offensive, insulting, or otherwise harmful content.
Use Assets, provide Inputs, or generate Output to mislead, misinform, misrepresent, or misappropriate, including by presenting Outputs untruthfully or generating content intended to deceive others into believing it was created by a human; to violate consumer protection laws; to promote unfair competition or false advertising; to breach legal duties; or to engage in illegal activities.
Use Assets or generate Output intended to spread election misinformation, including disinformation campaigns or candidate misrepresentation.
Provide Inputs or generate Output that infringes, misappropriates, or violates third-party rights, including intellectual property rights, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, confidential information, privacy rights, publicity rights, or any other rights. For example, you may not request the AI tools to create replicas of copyrighted works such as Andy Warhol’s Marilyn Monroe.
Use AI Services to generate music, vocals, or other Output that mimics or imitates the voice, vocal performance, persona, or distinctive artistic style of any real artist.
Use AI Services to generate deepfakes or other Output intended to falsely appear as authentic, or to resemble or impersonate the identity or likeness of another person (living or dead), entity, object, event, or place, including deceptive or misleading voice clones, avatars, or similar representations.
Generate Output featuring real people, brands, or entities, or relating to any person or entity that might legally or materially be impacted by it, without obtaining the necessary rights or consents.
Generate Output intended to make or influence automated decisions in sensitive domains that affect an individual’s rights, safety, or well-being (e.g., finance, legal, healthcare, insurance, migration, credit, employment, social welfare, and housing), including any Output that facilitates or performs such automated decisions in a misleading or misrepresentative manner.
Provide Inputs containing protected health information as defined under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) of 1996, Pub. L. No. 104-191, unless permitted under a valid HIPAA BAA, or other types of protected private information.
Disregard, disable, modify, or circumvent source citations, filters, instructions, or other tools made available to help create or use Output responsibly.
Use Output after receiving notice of an infringement claim from the rightsholder or its authorized agent.
Use Output in a manner that gives rise to a trademark-related claim, including use of such Output in trade or commerce.
Use the faces or voices of individuals appearing in the Assets to create replicas, look-alike avatars, or similar representations of such individuals.

 

16. Amendments to these Terms & Fees
Company has the right to change the conditions of these Terms, the License and the Privacy Policy from time to time at its exclusive discretion. Upon making the changes, the new version of the Terms, License and/or Privacy Policy will be posted on the Site. You are advised to check for updates regularly. In the event of material changes, we might provide you with a notice. If you do not agree to the changes in any such terms, you must cease accessing and using the Site and Company’s services and cease downloading Assets. By continuing to access or use the Site, the services and the Assets you agree to be bound by the updated version of the Agreement, which will apply to you in its entirety.
Company has the right to change, modify, cancel or discontinue any service, tool, benefit, feature and/or functionality offered by it on the Site, at its sole discretion. In the event of material changes, we may provide you with a notice.
We may change our subscription plans and their prices from time to time (including due to applicable tax changes). In such cases, we will notify you in advance and such change will only apply to you by your next billing cycle.
17. Assignment

The Company is entitled to assign and/or transfer and/or deliver its rights and/or its undertakings according to the Agreement, in whole or in part, to third parties as it may see fit and at its exclusive discretion. Any such Company’s transferee will, in turn, be entitled to transfer any such rights/undertakings to other parties as it may see fit without having to obtain your consent.

18. Notices
You hereby agree that we will be able to send you email messages referring to the Company’s services and other various subjects, inclusive with regards to benefits granted to the Company’s subscribers. If you do not want to receive our promotional or marketing emails, you can withdraw your consent at any time following the instructions in our Privacy Policy
Notices according to the Agreement will be given in writing and be sent by email according to the email address you specified in the registration form. Any delivery of a notice by email as stated above will be considered a lawful delivery.
19. Artlist Entity

The Artlist entity with which you are contracting under this Agreement depends on where you are domiciled. Unless otherwise indicated: (i) if you are domiciled in the United Kingdom, in a European Union member states under the Council Directive 2006/112/EC of 28 November 2006 on the common system of value added tax (as updated from time to time) or South Korea then you are contracting with Artlist UK Limited located at Suite 4 St Giles House, 27 St Giles Street, Norwich, Norfolk, UK, NR2 1JN; (ii) if you are domiciled in any country other than the countries mentioned in (i) above then you are contracting with Artlist Ltd located at Kibbutz Afikim 1, Afikim, 1514800 IL.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, payment processing and related financial transactions may be conducted by one or more Artlist entities mentioned above, including Artlist Inc., located at 1000 N. West Street, Suite 1410, Wilmington, New Castle County, Delaware 19801, and Artlist S.à.r.l., located at 12C, rue Guillaume Kroll, L-1882 Luxembourg, acting on behalf of the applicable contracting entity.

20. General
You bear responsibility for payment of all taxes and expenses applying to you in connection with the Agreement and/or your use of the Assets, to the extent such may apply. In the event the Company is required to pay any such taxes and expenses on your behalf, we will be entitled to charge you for any such amounts.
The Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and the Company with respect to your access and use of the Site, the Assets and the Company’s services and any prior or future agreement and/or undertaking and/or declaration not specifically included in the Agreement will not be valid. You hereby waive in advance any claim according to which the Agreement was changed and/or amended and/or canceled by conduct or by any correspondence between you and Company or anyone on its behalf.
If and to the extent any provision of the Agreement is decided by court to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, it will not derogate from the validity of the other provisions of the Agreement.
In the event you have any question regarding these Terms, the Site or our services, you can contact our Customer Support here.
The following paragraphs shall survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement: indemnification, exemption of liability, intellectual property rights, assignment, governing law and general terms.
These Terms do not affect your statutory rights.
21. Governing Law & Jurisdiction

The laws of the State of Israel will exclusively apply to the Agreement, without giving effect to any rules or principles of conflict-of-law, and the jurisdiction to hear any issue resulting from or regarding the Agreement, directly or indirectly, will be given exclusively and uniquely to the Tel Aviv-Yaffo courts and no other court anywhere else.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you are located in the United States of America, the Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to its conflict of laws principles, and you hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of competent jurisdiction located in the State of New York for the resolution of any disputes arising out of or relating to the Agreement.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

22. Operating Requirements for Tools
It is your responsibility to carefully check the operating system requirements for the Tools. These can be found on our website at our Help Center.
You acknowledge and agree that you are responsible for downloading, installation, management and operation of the Tools. There are no guarantees of uninterrupted or error-free use and Artlist may not support modified, outdated, or misused versions of the Tools.
Please note that if your subscription expires, you will have the free/watermarked version of the Tools, these versions will not have the complete functionality of the full versions.
23. Technical Problems
The Tools that we supply to you must be as described, fit for purpose and of satisfactory quality. In the event that the Tools do not conform to these standards and your hardware meets our minimum technical specifications, please submit a request through the Help Center, indicating the function you were using when you experienced the malfunction and any error message, who can provide you with assistance and support. Our Customer Support team will advise you whether you may be entitled to a repair or a replacement of the Tools.
In the event of a defect and/or fault in our Tools, you may be entitled to a refund, repair or compensation under your statutory rights. You shall not be entitled to a refund, repair and/or compensation where:
The Tools with faults caused by accident, neglect, misuse, or normal wear and tear.
Any attempt to circumvent any of the restrictions and/or limitations installed in the Tools, and/or failure to comply with our instructions in using the Tools.
Failure to use the Tools in accordance with the terms of the License.
We will not be held responsible if the Tools are incompatible with your system or for incompatibilities caused by equipment that has been modified to disable regional encoding. As a result, we recommend that you check the Tools in an alternative machine before contacting us.
This website uses cookies
We use cookies to personalize your experience and ads in the best possible way, analyze traffic, and keep Artlist running smoothly. For more details please read our Privacy Policy and for US residents, you may also visit the do not sell page
ACCEPT ALL
DECLINE ALL
 SHOW DETAILS
STRICTLY NECESSARY
PERFORMANCE
TARGETING
FUNCTIONALITY
UNCLASSIFIED